https://codepen.io/jpegjoshua/pen/LYRNqZq?editors=1000

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    It introduces meaning to the webpage rather than just presentation. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    it is used to structure web sites and apps. it's like the table of contents. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
 attirbutes provide additoinal info for HTML elements. Attributes always go in the opening tag. 

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    the name of page or most important info there should be only one h1

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    anchor tag 
    image tag 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    the title of the page important doc type info fonts css and other files to link to 

    7. What is an id? 
    it's an identifier for  later manuiplation 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

    any element             

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
     onece  

    10. What is a class? 
    is a group of elements that are tagged for later usage

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any element 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    multiple times  

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

    arget= "_blank"


    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    text for descprtion 

    15. How do I reference an id?
     a hashtag 

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        a section defines and references a references the info inside the section div's are the child of seciont and does not convey any info and doesn't define a cection      

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        styling 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

        h2
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    ID's define just one element classes define mutiple elements id's could be used for just one thing like one specific button while classes could be used to style a a bunch of various paragraphs
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    periods 
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

    p.human 
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

    Selects and styles every element where the parent is a specific element:
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    div.class < sidebar
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?

    defines specfic state of an element 
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:     

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
      text-transform: uppercase;
        text-transform: capitalize;
              text-transform: lowercase;



    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

    .div {
        border: 1px dotted black 
    }
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

    *
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

    ls
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

    rm you could delete important info  
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 

    helps track all the changes made without messing up the good deployable code
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?

    it depends but whenever you make signifigant changes 
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 